README.md, before:

# How to Build & Install Python From Source

## Download The Source Code

- Go to https://www.python.org/ftp/python/
- Select a Python version, and dowload the source code archive
- Extract the archive and `cd` into the directory

## Install Build Prerequisites

- On Ubuntu:
```console
sudo apt install -y make build-essential libssl-dev zlib1g-dev \
  libbz2-dev libreadline-dev libsqlite3-dev wget curl \
  libncurses5-dev libncursesw5-dev xz-utils tk-dev liblzma-dev \
  llvm
```

## Configure The Python Build

### Recommended:
```console
./configure --enable-optimizations --with-ensurepip=install
```

- `--enable-optimizations` enables optimizations for the resulting Python build, good for actual Python use
- `--with-ensurepip=install` ensures your Python build would automatically contain the `pip` and `venv` module

### Other Flags:
```console
./configure --help
```

You can also enable and disable features such as `--disable-gil`

## Compile

```console
make
```
or
```console
make -j <number of processors>
```
or
```console
make -j $(nproc)
```
or
```console
make -j $(($(nproc) / 2))
```

## Install

### Recommended:
```console
sudo make altinstall
```

This will install your Python to `/usr/local/bin/`

### Not Recommended:

`sudo make install` will replace your system's `python3`, which can break your system if it depends on that specific Python (e.g. `GNOME`)

Commit message:

Update README for building Python on Linux
Clarify instructions for building Python from source on Linux.

README.md, after:

# How to Build & Install Python From Source On Linux

## Download The Source Code

- Go to https://www.python.org/ftp/python/
- Select a Python version, and dowload the source code archive
- Extract the archive and `cd` into the directory

## Install Build Prerequisites

- On Ubuntu:
```console
sudo apt install -y make build-essential libssl-dev zlib1g-dev \
  libbz2-dev libreadline-dev libsqlite3-dev wget curl \
  libncurses5-dev libncursesw5-dev xz-utils tk-dev liblzma-dev \
  llvm
```

## Configure The Python Build

### Recommended:
```console
./configure --enable-optimizations --with-ensurepip=install
```

- `--enable-optimizations` enables optimizations for the resulting Python build, good for actual Python use
- `--with-ensurepip=install` ensures your Python build would automatically contain the `pip` and `venv` module

### Other Flags:
```console
./configure --help
```

You can also enable and disable features such as `--disable-gil`

## Compile

compile with a single processor:
```console
make
```
or (with x number of processors):
```console
make -j <number of processors>
```
or (with number of processors = total CPU cores):
```console
make -j $(nproc)
```
or (with number of processors = half of your CPU cores):
```console
make -j $(($(nproc) / 2))
```

## Install

### Recommended:
```console
sudo make altinstall
```

This will install your Python to `/usr/local/bin/`

### Not Recommended:

`sudo make install` will replace your system's `python3`, which can break your system if it depends on that specific Python (e.g. `GNOME`)
